# Add Repository
tap homebrew/versions              || true
tap phinze/homebrew-cask           || true
tap homebrew/binary                || true
# Brew Update
update                             || true
# Brew Cask
install brew-cask                  || true

# Packages
install --disable-etcdir zsh       || true
install dnsmasq                    || true
install zsh                        || true
install vim                        || true
install tmux                       || true
install tig                        || true
install reattach-to-user-namespace || true
install autojump                   || true
install fuse4x                     || true
install sshfs                      || true
install htop                       || true
install ack                        || true
install ctags                      || true
install tree                       || true
install watch                      || true
install wget                       || true
install curl                       || true
install mosh                       || true
install nkf                        || true
install openssl                    || true
install lynx                       || true
install xz                         || true
install binutils                   || true
install coreutils                  || true
install findutils                  || true
install cocot                      || true
install go                         || true
install hub                        || true

# Cask Packages
#cask install cyberduck             || true
#cask install imageoptim            || true
#cask install sequel-pro            || true
#cask install sitesucker            || true
#cask install skitch                || true
#cask install speedlimit            || true
#cask install yorufukurou           || true

# no cask support
#spectacle
#reeder2
#pixelmeter
#marked
#coffetivity
cask install alfred              || true
cask install bettertouchtool     || true
cask install colors              || true
cask install dash                || true
cask install evernote            || true
cask install filezilla           || true
cask install firefox             || true
cask install google-chrome       || true
cask install google-drive        || true
cask install google-japanese-ime || true
cask install hipchat             || true
cask install hoster              || true
cask install hyperswitch         || true
cask install iterm2              || true
cask install licecap             || true
cask install macvim              || true
cask install mi                  || true
cask install mou                 || true
cask install mysqlworkbench      || true
cask install skype               || true
cask install sourcetree          || true
cask install the-unarchiver      || true
cask install vagrant             || true
cask install virtualbox          || true
